##### Hyperparameters #######
self.min_examples = 8 
self.softmax_param = None 
self.word_attack_prob = 1
self.phoneme_attack_prob = 1
#############################
President for early conclusion of Eco Partnership with Sri Lanka	President for early canclusion of Echo Partnership with Sree Lanka
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.	The report forcass there wil be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up frome just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.	The arrests reveald new details about the for-month investogation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.
Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Landen And So This is Crismius We are all vessels fild with meny wonders.
You purport to value life very heavily.	You preport to value life very heavelly.
Chavez leaves again for Cuba for radiotherapy	Choves leaves again for Cuba for radiotherapy
Italian Foreign Minister confers with Ghana VP	Italion Faren Minester canfers with Gana Vp
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.	A young girl wering a helmat riding a pony.
A kangaroo is eating.	A cangaru is eating.
two puppies playing around in the grass	to puppies playing aroun in the grast
Heavy rain raises threat of Christmas Day flooding	Heavy rain razes thret of Crismius Day flooding
France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria	France Welcomes Us-Rusia Deal on Seria
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.	The Institute for Supply Managements index of nontmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in Apral, reports said.
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.	But the canswer suciety said its study had ben misused.
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.	A littl girl with her hans in the aire is sitting on a mans back while he is laying on a blanket.
A man is walking on a rope.	A man is walking on a rope.
Silvio Berlusconi expelled from Italy's parliament	Silvio Berlescony expeld frome Ittllies parlement
"Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.	"Srtonly what we no saggests that we shoud take what they're saying very seriously," he addid.
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.	A bloody man and woomen pose for a picture.
China mine accident kills 10	China mine accident kills 10
Ukrainian presidency says deal reached at crisis talks	Ukrainien presidency sys deal reached at cricuus talks
Gunners fire but fail to advance in Champions League	Gunders fire but fail to advance in Champiens Leue
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.	In 2002, Linksys overtook Sisco Sistomes as the leading wirelis equipment vender, accounting for 14.1 persent of revenue.
The man was pushed into the water.	The man was pushed into the water.
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.	A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.
Hosni Mubarak retrial adjourned until 8 June	Hosney Mubaric retrial ajourned antill 8 Jun
Novice 'steered South Korea ferry'	Novius 'steered South Coorea ferry'
Syria military police chief defects to opposition	Seria millitary police chief defects to oposition
Turkey president appeals for calm	Turkey president appeals for colm
Liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai	Liquid 'monia leak kills 15 in Shanghi
A cat is playing keyboards.	A cat is playing kyboards.
Indian media: Commonwealth summit	Indien media: Comenwelth somit
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.	A man walks tord a policemen standing in a croswak on a sitty street.
tirana is the capital of	terona is the capittl of
A woman is frying something.	A woomen is frying something.
Added Mr. Prodi: "Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness."	Addid Mr. Proady: "Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand are strengths and are weekneus."
i be having conversations will cornell west My dear brother.	i be having conversations wil cornell west My dear brother.
Newcastle 2-0 Liverpool: Match report, pictures & video highlights	Nucassel 2-0 Liverpool: Match report, pictures & video higligtes
A kitten is eating its food from a plate.	A kiton is eating its food frome a plat.
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.	A swommer is doing the bacstroke in the swoming pool.
A submarine is going through water.	A submarin is goin through water.
you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.	you have no remains of a mistel at the pennegon.
A man riding a white horse.	A man riding a whiht horse.
A woman cuts up a vegetable.	A woomen cuts up a vegetable.
Old green bottle sitting on a table.	Old green botttl sitting on a table.
Two dogs playing in the snow.	To dogs playing in the sno.
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions	Protesters gather in Brasill dispiht cansescions
What conviction would that be?	What canviction would that be?
Jeff Bezos Bets $250 Million on Reviving Washington Post	Gef Bezos Bets $250 Million on Reviving Washington Post
A woman is dancing.	A woomen is dancing.
iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states.	iran lis on a majer drug rout between afghanestan and yourop and the persion gulf states.
A man is spreading shreded cheese on a pizza.	A man is spreading shreded cheese on a pizza.
Palestinian president assigns academic to form West Bank gov't	Palistinnien president acignes acedemic to form West Bank gov't
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.	The black dog is walking through the tall grast.
sheep standing in afield.	sheep standing in affeeld.
Not counting energy prices, wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent.	Not counting anergy prices, holsale prices wore down 0.9 persent.
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.	The new law requirs libraries and schools to use filters or los fedral financing.
Pakistan releases top Afghan Taliban prisoner	Packustan relices top Afghan Taliban prisoner
A kangroo is eating something.	A kangroo is eating something.
A person is mixing water and flour.	A persen is mixing water and flour.
Philippines typhoon death toll feared to hit 7,000	Filoppines typhoon death tole feard to hit 7,000
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.	The brooader Standerd & Poors 500 Index .Spx climbd 10 points, or 1.10 persent, to 943.
A man plays the guitar.	A man plays the gitare.
A woman is chopping broccoli.	A woomen is chopping broccoly.
A man on a bike nest to a river.	A man on a bike nest to a river.
"Fairies don't exist" - fine.	"Faires done exist" - fine.
BP sells some Gulf of Mexico assets for $5.55 bil	Bp sells some Gulf of Mexico assets for $5.55 bill
At least six dead in US shooting rampage	At list six dead in Us shooting rampage
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."	He told the jury Stubs is a "cold, calculating killer."
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.	A pole showd that the Fbi bugging of the mayer had given a booct to his ryelection effort against Gop apponant Sam Cats.
Obama to sign up for Obamacare	Oboma to signe up for Obomacare
A girl is styling her hair.	A girl is styling her haire.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.	To dogs figting in the sno.
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.	Pines said he would canven the relevent party bodies within 10 days to discus whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.	Irocks econnimy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Sidom Whusans 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-lead war to oust him which andid in Apral.
"I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon, not with him," Kerry said.	"I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon, not with him," Cary said.
A potted plant in sunlight from a window.	A poted plant in sonlight frome a wendo.
Britain shuts down plants as horse meat scandal reaches France	Breton shuts down plants as horse meet scandel reaches France
Two dogs playing in the snow.	To dogs playing in the sno.
Wreckage of Air Algerie plane carrying 116 people found in Mali	Reckage of Aire Algerie plain carying 116 people found in Molly
Pregnant Sudan woman who married a Christian man sentenced to death for 'apostasy'	Pregnant Sudan woomen who maried a Cristian man sentonst to death for 'apostasy'
4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east	4 faren soldiers kild in Afghan east
US drone kills six militants in Pakistan: officials	Us droane kills six militonts in Packustan: affitials
A woman is dancing.	A woomen is dancing.
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.	A boy doing a back flip into a swoming pool.
Iran's Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance with aide	Irans Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearence with aide
EU foreign ministers to discuss Syria arms embargo	Eu faren minesters to discus Seria armes embargo
safe bourada was sentenced to 15 years in prison.	safe bourada was sentonst to 15 years in prison.
A woman is cutting a plastic sheet.	A woomen is cutting a plastic sheet.
David Beckham Announces Retirement From Soccer	David Beckham Announces Retirenment Frome Socker
A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.	A pot of liquid is at the sener of a tinfoil coverd plat.
china's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.	chinis counsel of agriculture opens a special offis in charge of agricaultural technology transfers and inallectual property rights management and cansultoncy to enhance divelopment of chinis nollege-bast agriculture and applications of agricaultural technology.
A woman is slicing a lemon.	A woomen is slicing a lemen.
A woman riding a brown horse.	A woomen riding a broun horse.
UN security council orders global sanctions against Haqqani network in Afghanistan	Un security counsel orders globel sanctions against Haqqani network in Afghanestan
Trial Date Set for Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Chief	Triale Dat Set for Egypts Muslim Brotherhood Chief
Nepal earthquake death toll surpasses 7,000	Nappaul earthquake death tole surpasses 7,000
What is your definition of "life"?	What is your definition of "life"?