##### Hyperparameters #######
self.min_examples = 8
self.softmax_param = 4
self.word_attack_prob = 1
self.phoneme_attack_prob = 1
#############################
President for early conclusion of Eco Partnership with Sri Lanka	President for early cinclusion of Ekko Partnership with Sree Lanca
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.	The report forrqcass there wil be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, upp fromm jist 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.	The aremstze revealdt new ditails' about the forr-month investogationd att Selenski's Mount Olivet Roade home.
Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Landeln And So This is Crishmiss Wy are aul vesstl's filld with meny wonders.
You purport to value life very heavily.	You preport to valuw life verry heavallly.
Chavez leaves again for Cuba for radiotherapy	Choves lieves again for Cuba for radiotherapy
Italian Foreign Minister confers with Ghana VP	Itralione Farenn Minnester chanfors with Gana Vp
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.	A young girl whering a helmet riding a pony.
A kangaroo is eating.	A cangroue is eating.
two puppies playing around in the grass	to puppies playing aroun in the grast
Heavy rain raises threat of Christmas Day flooding	Heavie rayn razes threit of Cristmise Day flooding
France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria	France Welc'mes Us-Russia Deal on Seria
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.	The Instatute for Supply Managemints index of nont-manufacturing activity rohs unexpectedleh in Aprale, repuerts said.
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.	But the khancer sissiety said its study had ben misused.
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.	A little girl with her hans in the aiir is sitting on a mands bhack while he is laying ohn a blanket.
A man is walking on a rope.	A man is walking on a. rope.
Silvio Berlusconi expelled from Italy's parliament	Silvio Berlescony expeld frome Ittllies parlemontt
"Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.	"Srtainly what wy kno sajestts that we scoud take what they're saying very seriously," he added.
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.	A bloody man and woomman pose for a picture.
China mine accident kills 10	China mine auecadonnt kills 10
Ukrainian presidency says deal reached at crisis talks	Ukrainyan presidency sys deal reached at chriceus talk'x
Gunners fire but fail to advance in Champions League	Gunders fire but faile tah advance in Champienns Leue
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.	In 2002, Linksys overtook Siscow Sist-am's as the leeading wirelis ecuhipmont veender, accounting for 14.1 percent ove hrevenue.
The man was pushed into the water.	Thi mann was pushed into the water.
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.	Ay school bus is dreiving uphil on a rurihl road.
Hosni Mubarak retrial adjourned until 8 June	Heosnee Mubarec retriol ajourned anteill 8 Jun
Novice 'steered South Korea ferry'	Novose 'steered South Coorea ferry'
Syria military police chief defects to opposition	Seriah military pileace chief defectz to oposition
Turkey president appeals for calm	Turkeie president apeels for colm
Liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai	Liquid 'monia leak killes 15 in Shanghgh
A cat is playing keyboards.	A cat is playing kyboards.
Indian media: Commonwealth summit	Indienn media: Comanwelth sombit
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.	A man walk's tord a poleacemen standing in ay croswak on ae sity streat.
tirana is the capital of	terona is the cappittl of
A woman is frying something.	A woomen is fryhing something.
Added Mr. Prodi: "Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness."	Addid Mr. Proady: "Maybe, but the old age helps us to understannd are strengths and are weeknoce."
i be having conversations will cornell west My dear brother.	i be havinng conversations weal cornell west My dear brother.
Newcastle 2-0 Liverpool: Match report, pictures & video highlights	Nucacyl 2-0 Liverpool: Match report, picturees & video higlights
A kitten is eating its food from a plate.	A kitend is eating itts food frome a plate.
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.	A swommer is doing the bac'stroke in the swoming pool.
A submarine is going through water.	A submarin is goin through water.
you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.	you have noe remains of a misttal at the pentegon.
A man riding a white horse.	A man riding a whiht horse.
A woman cuts up a vegetable.	A wooman cuts up a vegetable.
Old green bottle sitting on a table.	Old green botttl sitting on a table.
Two dogs playing in the snow.	To dogs playing in the sno.
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions	Protesters gather in Bresill dispiht caancescihens
What conviction would that be?	What canviction would that be?
Jeff Bezos Bets $250 Million on Reviving Washington Post	Geff Bezos Bets $250 Millyeon on Reviving Washingten Post
A woman is dancing.	A woomen is dancing.
iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states.	iran lis on a major drug rout betweeen afghanisstan and yourupe and the persion gulff states.
A man is spreading shreded cheese on a pizza.	A man is spreadding shreded cheeze on a pizza.
Palestinian president assigns academic to form West Bank gov't	Palistinnien praesident acigns acodemik to form Whest Bank gov't
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.	The black d'og is whalking through the tall grass.
sheep standing in afield.	sheep sttanding in affeeld.
Not counting energy prices, wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent.	Not counting anergy prices, holsale pricees wore down 0.9 persent.
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.	The new la requirs librareees and school's to use filters or lose feddral financing.
Pakistan releases top Afghan Taliban prisoner	Packustan relices top Afghan Taliban prisoner
A kangroo is eating something.	A kangroo is eating summething.
A person is mixing water and flour.	A persen is mixing wahter andh flour.
Philippines typhoon death toll feared to hit 7,000	Filoppines typhoon death toul feared to hit 7,000
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.	The brooader Standred & Poors 500 Index .Spx climbd 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.
A man plays the guitar.	A man plays the gitare.
A woman is chopping broccoli.	A woomehn is chopping broccklly.
A man on a bike nest to a river.	A man on a bike neste to a rivor.
"Fairies don't exist" - fine.	"Faires dhon exist" - fine.
BP sells some Gulf of Mexico assets for $5.55 bil	Bp sells some Gulf of Mexicoe assets for $5.55 bill
At least six dead in US shooting rampage	At list six dead in Us shooting rampage
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."	He told thi jure Stubs is a "cold, calculating killor."
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.	A pole showd that the Fbi bugginn of the mayer had givenn a boost to his ryelectuon effort against Gop apponognt Sam Chaits.
Obama to sign up for Obamacare	Oboma to syne up for Obomicare
A girl is styling her hair.	A girl is styling her here.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.	To doogs fighteng in the sno.
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.	Pins said he woulld canven thi relevegnt party bodies within 10 days to discus whether new elections would be held or whether a temporarii leader woulld be appointed.
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.	Irocks econnomi was ravaged dering yoars of U.N. sanctihens' over ex-president Sidolm Whusans 1990 aucupation of Kuwaidt and bai the U.S.-lead ware ta oust him whihe andid in Aprol.
"I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon, not with him," Kerry said.	"I am prowd that I stood against Richard Nixin, not with him," Cary saide.
A potted plant in sunlight from a window.	A poted plint in. sonligte frome a wynndux.
Britain shuts down plants as horse meat scandal reaches France	Breten shutz' downd plants aes horse meet scandol reaches Franz
Two dogs playing in the snow.	To dogs playing in the snow.
Wreckage of Air Algerie plane carrying 116 people found in Mali	Recuage of Eare Algerie plen khareing 116 people found in Mally
Pregnant Sudan woman who married a Christian man sentenced to death for 'apostasy'	Pregnant Sudin woomen who maried a Cristian man sentanst to death for 'apostasy'
4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east	4 faren seoldiers kild in Afghan easzt
US drone kills six militants in Pakistan: officials	Us drown klllls six millitynts in Packustan: affitials
A woman is dancing.	A woomen is dancing.
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.	A boy doing a back flip into a swoming pool.
Iran's Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance with aide	Irans Ahmadinejad may face chiarge's over electuon oppirence with ade
EU foreign ministers to discuss Syria arms embargo	Eu forren minesters to descus Seria arms embargo
safe bourada was sentenced to 15 years in prison.	safe bourada was sentainste to 15 yeares in prizan'.
A woman is cutting a plastic sheet.	A whomen is cutting a plasstic sheett.
David Beckham Announces Retirement From Soccer	David Beckham Announces Retirenmint From Sockor
A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.	A pot of liquid is at the senter of a tinfoil coverd plat.
china's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.	chinis counsol of aggriculture openes a specihel offis ian charge of agryccaulturahl technolegy trransfers ad-d inallectuale property rights managemont andd cansultzency to enhance divellopmant ove chinis nowlege-bast aggricolture and applications of agrikolturrl technology.
A woman is slicing a lemon.	A womon is slissing a leme't.
A woman riding a brown horse.	A woomagn riding a broun horse.
UN security council orders global sanctions against Haqqani network in Afghanistan	Un cicurity khouncoal orders gloauil sancscons against Haqqani networke in Afghanestan
Trial Date Set for Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Chief	Treile Dat Set for Egypts Muslim Brotherhood Chieff
Nepal earthquake death toll surpasses 7,000	Nappaul earthquahe death tole surpasses 7,000
What is your definition of "life"?	What is your defineition of "life"?